How the fuck will I be able to deal if Trump becomes president when I feel physically sick at the sight of his face/sound of his voice
hey are still idiots, the People are the tracks for the Trump train.  The people will get him elected in spite of these spoilers
Trump's economic plan only benefits the wealthy in this country with more tax cuts & estate tax elimination.  Same old bullcrap trickle down
Remember, Donald Trump's main plan is bullshit baffles brains. Don't let yours be one of them
Trump raped one of his wives. Please sit down
Curious 2 hear the disaster of an economic policy Trump has, but the men arguing on @hardball won't listen to each other. #LyinDonTheCon
Trump said Americans are not winning again. What a stupid statement, say it to the people already wining in Brazil.
Trump believes that folks like him need yet another tax cut. Which is why he'll never release his tax returns. He already pays next to nada.
tough to run on his "business acumen" but stupid and obnoxious has worked for Trump so who knows?
@hardball  Why are you attacking Jared Bernstein & not Peter Navarro a Trump economic advisor whose plan would destroy the economy.
All of Trump's very best people he hired have led him to bankruptcy court or had his businesses folding within a couple yrs.
@wikileaks @DebAlwaystrump Wasn't she on the board of an ISIS finding organization? #DemsInPhilly #Demexit #RNCinCLE #neverhillary #clinton
Breaking news- parents of 2 Benghazi victims sue Hillary Clinton for wrongful death and defamation #NeverHillary
If Trump pay good money to his speech writers they will write better speeches with original ideas & good vocabulary.
They need to build a wall around the White House to keep Trump out.
Too late. He's our candidate now. If you're not voting for #Trump you're for #Hillary and she's a lying crook w blood in her hands.
It is THE ELEPHANT in the ROOM! Everyone knows this BUT the PRESS! Trump WILL #MakeRussiaGreatAgain
Low info. candidate..low info. groupie. Repubs. White trailer park trash. Trump rapes 2 women (in court) & is dying 2 bang Ivanka
Trump wants to reduce the Corporate Tax to 15%, when was the last time you paid 15%? Ever?
Of course they did smh Trump National Golf Course worker fired after she complained about sexual harassment
why are they pushin 2beat Trump in conservative states with a NeverTrumper 2hand Shillary  the win?
Trump campaigns like he just discovered his speech was replaced by photos of his sleeping kids and a note saying "Lose 4 points."
@NatashHunter Did you Google "I WAS A HIT MAN FOR THE CLINTON'S" yet? You can listen to Larry Nichols tell the real truth of the Clinton's!
Hillary Clinton Is No Feminist:Just Look at Her Stance on Palestine. This is a must read that demolishes many myths
so the whole trump family is pretty good at lying? #foolsrushin
I can't imagine the shit show Fox News would be had Hillary Clinton not released her tax returns.
@WSJ TRUMP has stated the System is rigged, @wikileaks proved the accusations. General Election could be worse  for TRUMP.#MAGA
American Greed: Trump’s Economic Team Is a Who’s Who of What’s Wrong
Hillary's health in question.
I heard rumor Trump has a brain tumor turning him orange & preventing the forming coherent of sentences.
Trump isn't an outsider. He's been helping the GOP establishment and the democrats get elected for decades.
Mike Pence says Trump's new "expanded" temporary ban would also include Christians & Jews #neverTrump
I'm beginning to feel sorry for all the people Trump duped into believing he was authentic & they supported him#SmokeAndMirrors 50 GOP
The question has Gotta be ask is Trump a trader or does Putin have something on him.
@realDonaldTrump Many people say Trump donates to NAMBLA. I'm not saying it's true but it's what I've heard. Sad!
Jerry Markon did extensive research & found Clinton's job creation efforts as NY Senator failed #HillaryAccomplishments
Hillary will not only arm our enemies she will bring it to our soil!
The traits the 'GOP 50' cite as reasons #Trump shouldn't be Pres are the same traits the GOP elite have used to drag the US down!
The Jewish Week: Neo-Nazis Endorse Trump
I-4 corridor from Tampa to Miami is a majority of the liberal vote in FL. Trump will change that!
Election Day Nov 8.Trump (lmao) Univ FRAUD & Racketeering TRIAL date Nov 28. Oh my!
Donald Trump's economic plan: Lower wages, fewer jobs, more debt, and tax breaks for the 0.1%.
Sorry but allowing a Hillary Clinton presidency goes against my principles.
Former GOP national security officials: Trump would be 'most reckless' American president in history
Just more Trump has ignorance and lies. Nothing to see here please move along.
50 GOP's with ties to hillary sympathy and democratic standing say "trump is bad!"  And? Proof besides your feelings?
Hey! That's the Hillary Rotten Clinton I know!
And that serial rapist creature that is Bill Clinton belongs in prison!The hag probably does too!
Trump's sole accomplishment is enabling losers to be racist under the guise of being "non-PC".
Exactly!!  This IS a WHITE MAN'S world and they wanna keep it that way.  Theyd give us Trump rather than sum1 SANE!
*on the subject of Trump* "I don't think he's hitler at all, I think he's fucking satan!"-@marcmaron   Easily the best statement ever #wtf
#ManyPeopleAreSaying Trump's margin with orange voters is increasing #OompaLoompaVote
and I'm fed up with these Never Trump Republicans - they are RINOS who want HILLARY I say to them "go to hell"
I read enough history to see Trump as a throwback, not an innovator
How many Republicans and Democrats need to say it? Trump is unfit to be president. Trump and the nuclear codes? NO.
Many people are saying the Trump campaign is swirling down the toilet.
A few days ago I deleted a tweet begging sum1 2 put a bullet in Trump & end the misery. In hindsight, I shouldn't have deleted it #FuckTrump
@realDonaldTrump Trump is a draft dodging blow hard! That Purple Heart bs was more of his hot air spewing.
Trump say "America First" BULL S***, check his Employees!!. he has 80% FOREIGN & 20% AMERICANS, and that's the TRUTH. He is a LIAR MTF.
@realDonaldTrump Until Trump can Talk like an Adult,NO " BIGLEY" NOT a WORD! Won't vote for him! #TrumpBroke #TrumpisChild
This is beyond irresponsible from #Trump. No evidence of emails being hacked in first place.
TRUMP THE SLAVE OWNER . BLACK IF WE VOTE FOR TRUMP, HE WILL TRY TO PUT US (BLACK) BACK IN THE COTTON FIELDS.HE WOULD WANT TO SEE THAT. (YES)
My county clerk is a gd moron  tweeting from work act about HRC being a "rabid bitch" and Trump being as truthful as Christ  GIRL BYE
Trump is basically saying that American works are ugly, lazy and would not accept his minimum wages.
Trump 2.0 is coming. Beware of the nicer trojan horse, #NeverTrump. Do or say NEthing 2 get elected. NO core! Wont drink the kool-aid!
f you vote 3rd party its a vote for Hillary if you don't vote its a vote for Hillary.. "SAVE AMERICA VOTE TRUMP"
Trump wants less regs.  Flint, 2008 meltdown, 2010 mine disaster. All these had regs.  Imagine these ppl unbridled. #NeverTrump #DonTheCon
@HillaryClinton campaign strategy: I have nothing going for myself, BUT im not trump!!!1!!11
Trump's Speech on Fossil Fuels Was Riddled With Lies and Inaccuracies
Like I said I Expect this from commie libs like Hillary BUT not in my party NEVER #trump is liberal
I never thought i would live to see the day that Americans would vote for someone like Clinton. She is rotten to the core.
Donald Trump's economic plan: Lower wages, fewer jobs, more debt, and tax breaks for the 0.1%.
@realDonaldTrump What does cutting the estate tax do for the working families?   It is only for the rich.  #Trump
@realDonaldTrump #TrumpTaxes He's unhinged, no temperament, and can be bated with a tweet! tRump=loser
A vote for DT is to step back to-COLDWAR/USSR/NUKEWAR/1950's NOsecret- PUTINMANAFORTTRUMP? NOway! AMERICA-NO TO TRUMP
No, because Trump is the single worst candidate of all time, and we're going to get a corporatist center-right hawk.
The fact that he is getting crushed by a terrible, uninspiring, untrusted candidate shows how profoundly horrible a candidate Trump is.
Clinton does not help the economy, the poor, and labor enough—and Trump would destroy the global economy. We’re stuck with these two choices
I just keep waiting for Trump to present a well thought out, intelligent, rational position on anything. Never gonna happen
AilesDebatTips Trump Drop out and move to Russia take your Family with you too!
You shouldn't trust Trump. Not because he won't appoint conservatives, but because he's a pathological liar.
How many jobs and lives did trump take? He screws small businessmen. How can you even relate to him? bigot? racist?
Friends don't let friends vote Trump!!!
Amazing how #Trump finds the right kind of people who reflect his stance. Pre requisite: dubious or criminal past.
Trump didn't know Russians were in Ukraine, maybe he thinks chechslovakia is still around...
you are a clueless Trumpbot. Reagan was conservative to the core and understood how damaging Populism was. Trump is a Con Man.
Why does HRC usually have someone with her at speeches?  Isn't she strong enough to do them on her own?
hat about the 5 to 10% chance Trump blows us all up in a fit of insanity?
Trump's "I'm rubber, you're glue," approach to would be hilarious if a major political party hadn't decided they want him to be President.
They will stop @ nothing to "win" Trump had sold his soul long ago No moral compass Anything is game is how they play Sickening
Like Trump , she  is a scum.
Trump repeats false statements that have been repeatedly debunked in the past. #Trump2016 #TrumpPence16 #NeverTrump
no idiot this is trumps world ..your blaming hillary where is your republican senate ..this is trump klan hatred
Hillary Clinton- you are cornered, & will be trapped very soon, Know this could have been much worse for you...Fate has it you were the fuse
Is Donald Trump going to be the destruction of this country? Even though I'm Christian, I'm scared out of my mind.
Trump needs to lose and take his GOP members of congress down with him
Trump supporters are seriously convinced that the only way Trump will lose is if the election is rigged. What
Pls Americans do not trust Trump there is something fishie going with him and Russia
WTF IS THIS HILLARY CLINTON FLIPPY-FLOPPY SHIT, EH HOMIE?
Don't know about Hillary but comrade Trump is totally unfit. Comrade Trump not fit to run an outhouse.
Young voters fleeing Trump in great numbers. May be a historical trouncing, worse than any presidential candidate.
Soon another business will bite the dust under Obama Clinton political policies
Giuliani is losing it. Obviously infected by the TRUMP virus . 9/11 RUDY. UNDER BUSH
Trump is going to lose in a landslide, and it will be partly due to his racist supporters.
If I hear one more person say they won't vote for Trump, but they don't want Hillary elected.....
The people who you see defend Trump on twitter always look exactly like the people you see smoking outside mini-mall bars at 4pm
also check out story USA 8/3/16 TRUMP EMPLOYS SUES TRUMP OCER SEXUAL HARASSMENT
Trump is finished
If women were wondering if Trump really didn't think they were shit, him hiring Roger Ailes pretty much says all you need to know.
mind blowing to hear another person attack Trump while giving a free pass to Clinton & Dem policies, ideas
Why is it I suspect the Obama birth certificate rubes have no problem whatsoever with Donald Trump not releasing his tax returns?
Mr. Murren, what aren't American Values?  Leftist Justices Clinton will appoint, changing USA far worse than current POTUS.
she was also like super racist and homophobic lol but id expect nothing less of a trump supporter
this is what some #LoserDonald #trump's supporters do every day.
Trump almost always leaves a giant mess behind for someone else to clean up. I would fear this mess.
Because I have even less reason to trust Hillary Clinton. We just choose different liars, I guess.
Calumny Candidates—One Strategic Racist #HillaryClinton—Other Overt Racist Trump—Each Preserves Oligarchs leading us thru #whitesupremacy
A vote for Clinton is a vote for the New World Order and an end to the United States of America
They died due to Obama/HRC policies.  Progressivism literally can kill you.
Despicable. PLEASE NOTE AGAIN SHE MUST SIT BC CAN'T STAND WALK LONG PERIODS GETTING WORSE #NeverHillary #Trump
CNN just like the Obama/Clinton admin..helping to push the divide in the country. It's the only way THEY stay in power. Junk!
CNN And MSNBC are on my s*** list.Can't take anymore of their Negativity about Trump. All 4 Crooked Hillary.
FATSO SEXUAL PREDATOR AILES helping FASCIST TRUMP should do wonders for the Women's vote!
"Masking weakness, inadequacy, and failure is exactly what this country needs." – Donald J. Trump
Favorite thing so far this year: Watching people destroy their political cred backing #Trump.  So hilariously cringe-worthy. #trumpdump
After watching the SLEEZY TRUMP for months his efforts to look LEGIT is bombing. He was is and forever a low life SLEEZY CON MAN.
You can't support both Trump and a better way. When you failed to reject his xenophobia and racism, you lost your legitimacy.
Trump is getting advice from Roger Ailes, who is accused of abusing at least 20 women,and many at Fox News, that is so sick
Trump has one hand tied behind his back. Hillary has the straight Lies from Obama and the people eat it up in the polls. She is a Criminal.
Trump's foreign policy speech was an incoherent debacle premised on lies and ignorance. Never had a major party nominated such stupidity.
what's even better is seeing a crowd of racist pig Trump supporters being mowed down by a Muslim
#HillaryClinton lied she used State Department as pay to play to enrich her & bill via Clinton Foundation
trump ship just sank and hit bottom of marianas trench and trump and giulianis heads shrank to the size of a baseball.. by by.. aloha
Pffffffffffffffffffffffft!!! I defend Hillary when you IDOITS attack her for NO REASON. I do the same for TRUMP
Clinton is just a dirty politician (maybe that's defendant) trump is a loose cannon and an unstable person
you have no idea what Conservatism & values truly are or you wouldn't ardently support Trump who embodies none of those values
Part of me still believes Trump's not an idiot and everything he says/does is just to see how far he can go . Basically he's pranking merica
Hillary Clinton has to pay for her Emails prison for Hillary Clinton She is a lying Butch.
Happy you can relax. I'm going to the doctor for anxiety meds due to Trump. #RepDadWontVote4him #RIPGOP #RepublicansForHillary
Trump getting his policies from @FoxNews? No wonder Trump is insane. Stupid is as stupid does.
Trump has normalized bigotry and hatred. Trumpworld is not a world any American should want to live in.
stop torturing us with that screeching lying cow Clinton.  We do not care what lie she's telling today
Believe corruption at Clinton Foundation goes well beyond just the Clintons. Lynch? Never Trumpets? It's fishy!
If you are a Trump supporter you are getting blocked immediately. I don't exchange words with racists.
Memo to all DONALD TRUMP IS GOING TO LOSE. there is no stopping that...can we move on now to other options
Don't do it @FBI You will put the whole world at risk giving Donald Trump Classified Information.He can't handle it.
And FYI, I'm conservative TEA, but I'm a "Trump Humper" to stop the Hillary train. You should get on it before it's too late.
A Clinton Presidency will be as bad as a Trump Presidency. Neither are to be trusted. Regards
If you don't think the White House is up for sale.  Look who donate's to Clinton's foundation
That Donny Trump is a straight shooter. Shoots himself straight in the foot every time he speaks, that guy.
just like todays rhinos supporting clinton, still kissing saudi ass
Whites are easily identifyable they're the ones supporting Idiots like Trump and Sanders etc.
hen people call Hillary Clinton and Obama stupid, it makes me mad. They aren't stupid, they are just evil. Don't trivialize it.
Classic Hillary Clinton.Tout a progressive agenda, then hire a team that promotes the exact opposite. Untrustworthy
of course it was!  Because #Trump is a fucking idiot! Enough of this kook, already!  #GOP #hillary
It is a certainty. Trump is a saboteur. Intentional or not. I won't sleep with him though for empty promises.
The only thing we don't know about HRC is her height, weight and bra size.  What do we really know about Trump other than what he tells us?
We don't believe for a moment that Hillary is doing better than Trump...
Clinton names OBAMA veterans to White House transition team   Reuters #Elitists
There are 2 serious candidates for Pres. #Hillary and @GovGaryJohnson. #Trump is not a serious candidate.
For liberals who can't distinguish between good & evil: Donald Trump=Good and Hillary Clinton =Evil. Got it ?
Hint>Hillary Clinton-the faster you resign,the better your outcome will be...Don't beat yourself up no more
#ExtremeVetting is great idea the Republicans should have beta tested on Trump! #OrangeMonster #NEVERtrumpence
How does this Hillary Clinton have a lead over @USA1Trump She is morally unethical why don't Americans understand that? Every word is bs!
Trump's immigration plan could kill 4M jobs
TRUMP MAY SAY THINGS INELEGANTLY SOMETIMES BUT WHO CARES? IT'S TIME TO SPEAK THE TRUTH ABOUT GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION AND CROOKED HILLIARLY.
Hillary Clinton is gross.
Because they finally see how rigged & bias the Media is as well as Crooked Clinton & Dem Government is in every Dept
Hillary Clinton Will Try To Steal Election With Illegal Votes
What I Believe: Trump must be crushed. Not just beaten, broken. - Democratic Underground
What's Trump hiding? Got to be YUGE! He said he saw what happened to Romney after tax release. Either way, he loses
"Donald Trump Is the Gift to Hillary Clinton That Keeps On Giving"  — THE NEW YORKER  What a buffoon!
If you're rooting for Sweden today? It means you're probably also rooting for Trump. GTFO
I have and he seems cool, but there's no way he'll win, he doesn't have the votes, and we NEED to keep Trump out of office.
Leave the corruption and dirty politics behind. Go Green. Vote Jill Stein. No Trump, No Hill. #AlwaysJillneverHIll
rage all you do is demean those who don't mindlessly follow the drivel of Trump yet you can't in any way logically defend him.
#refugeesIllegalsMuslims make Americans conform to their country laws. Americans must assimilate to their laws. #Trump
Trump’s Plan On Terrorism Is a Joke.
UM...8 YEARS & 9 MONTHS AFTER THAT CREEPY FUCKING PERVERT AND HIS PATHOLOGICAL LIAR TOOK OFFICE. TRUMP LANDSLIDE IN NOVEMBER
Are you fucking stupid or what? The Trump campaign has denied this story.
Because the Clinton camp will use that as a reason to go right and not bother with pandering to the left (and be self-satisfied)
Wait... Ok Trump can't really be this stupid
If this were Trump's health in question, it would be a whole different story. Libs are hypocrites!
If Trump & his wacky thought process moves into office, I would expect Russia to make a Nov. move
No other will be Trump, he is one of a kind. Uncouth & vengeful nasty words only Trump can spit. #NeverTrump #WrongForUSA
Well Bill & #HillaryClinton gave away all the jobs with NAFTA and with Clinton Foundation employee foreign workers!
Manifest hate, no doubt emboldened by Trump.
hey deserve it more than your no-nothin'  bigoted, hateful darlin' idiot Donald J. Trump, boyo!
The liberal media will bash Trump no matter what. Why isn't Obama being throttled about Louisiana? DISHONEST MEDIA!
is so intellectually dishonest. Whines about a biased media & he himself is so deep in Trump tank. Is he not media? #NeverTrump
Left hopes Trump gets Assassinated, but it is ok for them to be violent
how stupid do Clinton and her goons think people are
Why aren't the Media reporting that #Ivanka vacations w #Putin Girlfriend #Manafort hiding money from #Ukraine. #Trump speech copies #Russia
Trump is a nothing candidate. Only consistent on domestic authoritarianism
Thanks u like that DNC nominee Hillary Clinton wants to use a dead Khan 4 her benefit. What a shame if elected?
Is Hillary Clinton's mic broken at this PA event or has her throat totally given out? Sounds horrible. I mean... more horrible than usual.
After Rigging the DNC primaries was proven, Democrats are outraged Trump suggested they would rig the general election. The Nerve of him.
This from a Trump supporter...Pathetic. He's going to lose on an epic scale. He's trailing in most states by 20-30 points now.
You're going up to explain why you are willing to shred America with Donald Trump rather than do your job, huh?
Trump blames the Media.  If in Hitler's time we had Social Media, people could have seen his lying, horrible person he was #LoveTechnology
And Donald Trump? When was the last time he said something that was truthful?
Feel the same about people that lack the intelligence to see Hillary Clinton as the criminal she is
I'm so embarrassed as an American, that we have Donald Trump as a Presidential Nominee.
He endorsed Clinton because Trump is not fit to be president or is it because he owns 56% of MGM China and Trump poses a threat?
Anything Trump says is a lie.
that's funny cause I see Trump getting steamrolled by possibly the most dangerous candidate the Dems have ever nominated. Sad!
Doesn't look like the democrats strategy is working to well Clinton and Obama want to bring 100000 refuges to the US to spread Isis here.
People who chose to ignore Trump shooting himself in the foot over & over are to blame for Hillary winning.
Hillary Clinton's voice is worse than ever.
Just be glad you were not one of Bill Clintons many girl toys. Now that Clinton bunch knows shaming
Stop with the rigged election. Just beat Hillary Clinton bad. Focus on the mission not the chum in the water.
maybe,  just maybe you have trump BC you consistently appealed to the lowest common denominator.  You did this to yourselves.
Imagine, FBI tells Trump biggest terrorist threat is rightwing extremists supporting him. Trump... shrugs? is horrified? tweets?
& folks support Hillary to proliferate Treason, #Arkancide 4 profit?
#ImPositiveThat Donald Trump has never read the US constitution OR the bible.
Pfftt!  He is informally advising Trump.   He's such a slime ball.
She's a money launderer! Clinton Foundation set up in Canada so donors r not revealed! Only gave 10% to charities, kept rest
tell your friends vote for Trump no Democrat does a damn thing ever for the poor or minorities in 50 years they've done nothing
Trump live him ir hate him, showed us the face of corruption in our gov, especially our MEDIA. True journalism is dead because of bias/greed
Trump has no morals. No principles. No real direction. How does he do what he says within the limits in the Constitution?
Trump is one sick man!
like flies to shit they flock to Trump
@tedcruz & you Trump are pulling a scam on America. Kasich can get over it. We can't afford you.
I just hope Trump doesn't turn out to BE an instrument. #NeverHillary
Trump doesn't have room to talk he is a one man immigration policy with all the foreign wives he has had
you've called Trump, his supporters every bigoted name in the book. You're the "angry" one!
Might as well coronate Hillary queen if Trump gets nomination. No sense waiting until November.
Sum lady just asked my neighbor if she could put a trump sign in MY yard? Glad he called so i could respectfully tell her 2fuck off!
Why the hell is Greta beating Trump up on women and furthering this Trump's problems with women narrative...BS!! WTH????
Women, look it up, killary and Eliz Warren want to take your guns away, Vote Trump 2016
Clinton can't even unite her party voters let alone the country lol
i hate clinton with a burning passion, and trump is not someone id like to see as my president.
Hillary U Didnt Object whenObama went 2Cuba 2Meet Raul Castro But U Criticize Trump 4 wanting 2meet Kim Jong-Un? Difference?
Nora O'Donnell had I very judgemental look towards Ivanka Trump in her interview referencing Ivanka's father. NOT fair or balanced. SHAME!
#Trump rejected his own tax plan. Only the gullible think Trump's SCOTUS list will mean anything to him tomorrow. #SCOTUS #SupremeCourt
"H scares the generals,she's that much of a war hawk"  @Hardball agrees w Nader that Clinton leans to the warmongering  CM just doesn't CARE
I SEE TRUMP THE RACIST DID NOT PICK ONE PERSON OF COLOR,THAT"S HOW ITS GOING TO BE WITH EVERY ONE HE PICKS.
#BernieLostMe when he and his supporters began giving Donald Trump a chance
All world leaders who are upset about Trump's stance on climate represent 'toxic' relationships to USA.   You were sold false bill of goods.
Idea: We elect Trump, impeach him 20 minutes after inauguration, & in one clear voice say "You're Fired!!!" <--- *Nods Head* Best idea
Democrat insiders lying and cheating hard out to secure a candidate who can't even beat Trump is a sight for the ages.
I'd be pretty embarrassed to admit to supporting Trump, who is a classless reality-show clown.
And once the oppo starts in on Trump ... there is so much there to expose.e's got Trump
A group of thugs shut down a Trump rally and it's Trump's fault, he inciting them. Violence at a Dem convention = crickets.
#clinton entire policy has been eh, we're not gonna really try and do much, too hard! But uh yeah, we got aliens.
one good thing about Trump getting the GOP  nom is that we no longer have to pretend we have 2 parties. Now its on the record we have one
You're a fake conservative just like Trump.
Now They Are In The Jaws Of #WethepeopleForTrump #Bush #Clinton's #Obama  Now You Swimming With The Sharks
Theory: Most people like Trump because they are poor, their towns devastated from previous Republican dealings, and they just want a job.
"So I say I'm for conservative judges & they'll believe me?"  "Yes Mr. Trump"  "They know who I am right?"  "Yes"  "Damn this is easy"
Still waiting for your interview with Chelsea Clinton on the rapes & assaults on women by Bill Clinton.
Trump supporter here, in full solidarity with Bernies against a corrupt Clinton machine that would float a lame #BernieLostMe hashtag.
Why doesn't CNN start pointing out that his Trump's Daddy's $1.0 million loan to him in 1970 is worth $6.5 million in 2016 dollars?
Trump is going to win and are country is going to go backwards to a place where the KKK are fist pumping in joy.  Scary.
@realDonaldTrump is the man 2 do it. I hope he takes criminal Clinton to the cleaners too, then to Leavenworth.
Keep dreaming Alice!!! Trump will spit all over u and wouldn't think twice about it
Who was asked?Nuns? I understand Killary, murder & lies but Trump has helped more people than any self righteous hypocrites
Trump's Tech Bubble Talk Makes My Head Hurt
Trump needs to go sit his ass down somewhere like anybody other than his delusional supporters cares about his "Supreme Court" nominees!!
Of course. They don't want Trump. Wall St wants Hillary, cause she'll do every horrific thing they ask of her.
AMERICA HAS NO RESPECT FOR SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO TURN US SOCIALIST! VOTE TRUMP!  - KEEP FREEDOM ALIVE!
Between Trump and Kissinger you still can't find even half of a soul
Well, this is pretty terrible. :( Trump should just go out & nominate David Duke... #WhitesAgainstTrump
what if the government paid Donald trump money to run for president to distract all of the people from what the government is going to do t
He's a total dipshit. USA will be in ruins 4 yrs after a Trump inauguration.
Why can't we just unite against the devil that is Trump
All the respect, power n strength u gained for standing up to Trump. U lost it all by capitulating to him.
Well that shows he's not/has never been a Democrat.  He's trying to destroy the force that can beat Trump. Irresponsible.
Trump is lying.#WomanCard #DealMeIn
She tried to say no one  killed! Do you really want this POS in  OUR White House again ?
if you vote or support Hillary Clinton your unamerican and part of the problem.
A lot of folks don't love the country enough, they're either globalists, socialists or criminals is up to us #Trump
A universe where Donald Trump wins the presidency is a universe that dgaf about the earth.
Gay dude in a wig... BLOCKED Black Lives Matt... BLOCKED Don't Suck Dick... BLOCKED Trump is Racist... BLOCKED
#Trump is mentally unstable
Dude Donald Trump's school is being accused of scamming a war widow and Trump is attacking a dead soldier's parents.
Buffet, Bezos, Cuban all billionaires attacking Trump for Hillary. Whats got the Billionaire Boys Club so scared?
Trump idiocy is more contagious and brain damaging than Zika.
Don't think to cross swords with me on sin, when you make childish excuses for Trump and his scumbaggery.
Jocelyns dad just came down the stairs and said "I'm Hillary Clinton and every time my lips move, I'm lying" TRUE
when @realDonaldTrump focuses on the issues he makes Clinton look incompetent than usual.
Tyrant just because they don't write rave reviews about you! Dictators control the press Herr Trump
Might as well add @mike_pence to the list of brainwashed men that have fallen in love with the hateful narcissist known as Donald Trump.
The dynamics in Trump's attack on the Khans is red meat for politicos. Self-righteous indignation on full display. And Dems milking it.
It's shameful to be associated with such disgusting animal, as an American. Trump is a primate cast out from the jungle as unfit!
O set up at the DNC! No, I don't have EMPATHY FOR THAT BASTARD OR HIS FAMILY! Voting Trump
"Outing" these photos is the kind of thing Trump would do to an opponent. Real Americans are better than that
MRS CLINTON! ..YOU HAVE SACRIFICED NOTHING! .. AND NO-ONE! .. EXCEPT THOSE 4 PEOPLE IN BENGHAZI AND MY SON IN AFGHANISTAN!
Trump is a racist condescending jackasshole. Clinton is a lying manipulative sociopathic cunt. Please, Jill Stein, save us!!!!
Captain Kahn. Dems propped up a Muslim Gold Star family knowing Trump couldn't contain a sugar cube...
The Trump trolls are busy lying slandering ..Now we all know they are racist white haters but do we know if they are Russian or Amerikkkan?
Hillary-hate represents the misogyny that women face online every day  #HillaryCoverageIsCrap
It was pretty freaking awesome to see our next president @HillaryClinton speak. 