Malcolm Forbes Just Said "Trump Is Right On The Economy"  #MAGA #NeverHillary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wonderful!  Let Geraldo R on the Five know that educated women are voting for Trump.
loved hearing the pro Trump piece from @SteveForbesCEO on the economy.  Thank you for bringing out the truth
John McCain didn't fight back, Mitt Romney didn't fight back, but at least Donald Trump has the balls to stand up to Hillary Clinton.
Trade agreements don't worry the corporations, but Mr. & Mrs. Homeowner can't move.  Go Trump he has the answer for free Trade
I'm wondering if these people ever get tired of saying  "Trump is right again"  I personally can't get enough watchin them eat their words
I don’t care if Hillary Clinton is corrupt. I don’t care if she lies, if...
Every money grubbing and power hungry putz doesn't want Trump but the people do. We need him 2get rid of corruption
go home bullet head we have our candidate & he is DONALD TRUMP
Faith in nothing, no one except Trump, savior? #hardball
He won't be hiring for his businesses, this time Trump will be bringing back jobs for all Americans! # CNN #MSNBC #FoxNews
trump all the way!
actly, the estab repubs are more concd that Trump will disc and expse all of the othr corpt deals they mde
wow helped a child tax break for him Ms Clinton has helped millions of all races mic dropped
@realDonaldTrump Trump army "Were Kickin Ass" Whoo Hoo!  Choo Choo!  Oh YES!!!!  LANDSLIDE win just keep it up!
The pastors I follow online - Trump will be President for eight years.  God will bring America out of debt - things will be hard short time.
IM A TRUMP SUPPORTER
Steve Forbes says Trump is dead on with economic plan.
Proud of Trump today.Loved his plan for Amer.and he kept his cool. They will try anything 4U to get off message.
Good job Trump , this is what we need in America.
#WakeUpAmerica  'TRUMP' is the only word we see in 'TRIUMPH'!!
Hillary not letting any of Trump's flies rest on her. She's right on top of his bullshit. Good for her.
You know Bill Clinton actually LOST the codes during his Presidency? You question Trump, a brilliant businessman, father of 5, gfather of 8?
Trump is the best thing about the Republican party these days. You're screwing up like anti Reagans did.
@realDonaldTrump if trump becomes president you'll see how amazing this country will be.
i'm literally obsessed w donald trump but i'm perfectly okay w it
You will deny it but the Truth is Vote Trump life gets better and it's back to business. Just Vote Trump when it comes time you will
I can assure you - Trump will win - polls do not determine voter turnout.  It will be a landslide #Trump2016 #Trump
Trump is not an isolationist against free trade; he wants "good"free trade deals unlike  now @ a deficit of $500-600 billion. U.S 1st.
We need to vote in Trump to protect the Supreme Court balance and our rights! Forget the person, remember the cost! Vote Trump!
We all know the system is RIGGED, the polls are cooked but we still LOVE DONALD TRUMP & his family, too. God bless all of you.
You are always welcome in New Hampshire Mr. Trump!
What an awesome speech today our future President made in Ohio! God bless Donald Trump!
Waiting patiently for Trump and Pence to take over the Whitehouse!
Looking forward to the day we have a president and an administration that is on the side of law and order! Go Trump!
After I watched Trump Economic plan, I am now with Hilary #Hillary
AND ANOTHER LANDSLIDE VICTORY FOR MR TRUMP.
If it wasn't for Trump we would still be thinking that Republicans had our best interests in mind  He exposed the one party system
Trump is not a good politician and that's exactly why we need him to be POTUS.
Trump is already more presidential than friggin Barry.
Huge excited crowd for Trump.  Where on earth do these polls come from? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I'm pro trump I'm pro small government  I'm pro old cars I'm pro republican ways I'm pro women's rights I'm pro saving our country
Hillary Clinton pulls ahead in a key southern state.
Corruption is systemic in our government on both sides of the aisle! Let's Vote TRUMP POTUS 4 the 1st step in ending the CORRUPTION
we love Trump #LatinosForTrump
This takedown of Trump surrogate was amazing. I applauded him while laughing aloud on the treadmill. Thank you for making my day.
This guy is 100% correct. @realDonaldTrump #ImWithHer #StrongerTogether
No ifs, ands or buts about it!! Trump is out to END all of the scumbag secret societies' control over US
in my opinion, Democrats and Republicans - it's all one party. In my opinion Donald Trump has done this country a favor
#TrumpTrain Yesterday somehow I got attacked by like 20 hipsters on here by suggesting Trump can win Oregon. They are scared.
I agree wholeheartedly. Trump knows what has to be done.
Trump org currently owns 500 thriving businesses, they reorganized 4 & liquidated bad assets. That's a 96% success rate.
As much as I love #Trump policy speeches Ann is right, his free form is much better. Less politician-like
Please inform yourself - Trump is not a racist or a bigot. He loves our people and our country. Wants to defeat ISIS, keep us safe.
YOUR DOING GREAT HILLARY CLINTON, JUST GREAT. DONT LET ANYONE GET U DOWN, JUST KEEP GOING AND U WILL BE THE NEXT POTUS. !!!
Trump is giving the people his Truth. Shock and Awe. But this is what we have to go through to straighten this country out.
this legal Latin family is voting for Trump we are loyal supporters and will only vote for Trump! Viva Trump!Americansfirst
Business is Great!!! I hope it stays this way.... Go Trump